But if I were the president of Lu Enterprises
There is still this immortal
Don't tell Uncle Wang's application, it's alright.
Mr. Lu, sorry?
He did it for me
I can't make an appointment with Yunda by pretending to be you
Does anyone else regard me as the president?
I used your identity
Blame me
Next time
Demoted to send the door
Thank you Mr. Lu for lighting up Mr. Lu
You help him too
Stop fooling around. I want an answer
Who wins and who loses?
The evidence is already in front of you, and you still don't admit it.
Unless the cloud master comes forward to verify
Otherwise, even if I win
Shameless
You are the agent of Cloud Master
Claims he's here
Why don't you come out and take a look?
I'm afraid you can't afford it.
Will regret being aggressive
dare not
Or should you carry Master Yun behind your back and cooperate with him to act?
Since you want to make it clear
I want to heal
We are waiting for Master Yun
Which round do you get?
Xiaoyu, you are
Everyone please see that this is Master Yun Master Yun
You are the female ambassador
You lost. From today onwards, you are my master